<h1>PROJECT OVERVIEW<h1>
  <h2>A. DEFINING THE PROJECT<h2>
    <p>Project Summary<p>
    <br><br>
    <p>Chatbot is an artificial intelligence (AI) software that can simulate a conversation with a user in natural language through messaging application, websites, mobile apps or through telephone. Chatbot is often described as one of the most advanced and promising expressions of interaction between humans and machines. Using this chatbot, we implemented it in our project for detecting mouth and dental disease and also provided some information about dentistry. This chatbot was created because we wanted to provide free consultation service for the public. As we know, because of the covid-19 pandemic today which caused many dental clinics especially government clinics to restrict the number of patients to avoid this spreading virus spread out more. Furthermore, the purpose of this chatbot is to make the public to easily take good care of their dental and mouth with a free and easy consultation. This chatbot was created using natural language processing, which will process the word from the human to be readable by the computer for the computer to make a response. We are using the keras framework and nltk library to create this chatbot. From the nltk library we used the tokenization method and the lemmatization method and divided the data set for training and testing phases. This project is going to be commercialized to the government or any organization that needs to provide information about dental and mouth disease. <p>
